[Shiki] Machines are alive just like us!
And machines have tears just like us!
[blast]
-Payo!
-[blast]
[emotional orchestral music playing]
[loud crash]
[thud]
[Shiki] You okay, Pino?
I am a machine,
why do you care about my well-being?
You're not just a machine, Pino.
You're also my friend!
Yeah!
Let me get this straight.
So Sibir was planning
on using Pino's power
to steal all the military grade robots
in the city, right?
I thought I would be helping
the androids he was abusing,
but in reality, he would have misused
the military robots just as badly.
Well, it's okay now.
The police took them all away,
including Sibir.
I don't know about that.
Police here is about
as crooked as they get.
[Rebecca]
With all the trouble they caused,
I think they'll have a pretty hard time
letting them off the hook.
Hey, Pino.
You're an android
from the same time period as us, right?
So what are you doing here in the past?
I do not know.
That can only mean
someone has erased my memory.
Therefore, I am unable to answer you.
[Rebecca] Hmm.
However, I might remember
if I come into contact with my master.
Then we just got to find
your real master, right?
It's funny you mention that.
-I might know who that is.
-What?
Huh?
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
THE SKULL FAIRY
[Shiki] Who do you think it is?
I remember that there was a signature
on the case's last maintenance update.
[Rebecca] The name was Professor Weisz.
Huh?!
To be more precise,
it was the you from our time period.
-Fifty years into the future.
-[gasps]
So, if we could get back to our timeline…
Then you could meet the old professor
and get your memory back.
-My master?
-It's not me!
Either way, we need to come up with a plan
to get us back to our time period.
Hey, low gravity man, you wouldn't mind
telling me all the sports upsets
that are gonna happen
in the next 50 years, would you?
I never would have picked you
to be a sports kind of guy.
[Rebecca] He is a gambler!
May I accompany you to aid your travels?
I want to meet my master.
Of course!
It's perfect, since we're also
headed to see Professor Weisz.
We have a party!
Me 50 years from now, huh?
-[sirens blaring]
-[both] Huh?
[sirens blaring]
Is that the police?
What are they doing here?
[officer] There they are, arrest them!
Why us?!
Looks like the cops decided
to start doing their jobs for a change.
Okay, but we haven't done anything wrong,
so they're not actually gonna arrest us.
Are they?
I anticipate a troublesome outcome,
-as you do not possess a valid ID.
-[gasps]
-Let's get out of here!
-On it!
[scoffs]
Later, time travelers!
[officer] Hey, that's Weisz!
One of Sibir's guys!
Shit!
-[officer] Get them!
-Wait!
Why are they after me too?!
[wind blowing]
So, this is the spaceship
we will all  be traveling in?
[Rebecca] We should be safe here.
I guess it's kind of my fault
for changing to a thief class, huh?
'Cause now we're wanted criminals.
What sort of video game are you living in?
The first thing we need to do
is get back to Blue Garden.
Someone from the guild will know
how to get us back home.
At least I hope so.
[aircraft whirring]
-Give me a break!
-What's the matter now?
[sirens blaring]
[Rebecca] The police chased us here!
-Talk about stubborn!
-Great!
-[blasting]
-[Shiki] They're shooting at us!
Don't worry, those antique ships
won't be able to keep up with us.
Outer space, here we come!
[engine whooshing]
[adventurous music playing]
[thud]
-We stopped?!
-It's like an invisible wall!
-Reach out!
-[Rebecca] I don't know what's wrong!
It feels like something is pushing us back
but nothing's there!
Unknown energy field detected?
Unable to analyze?
Step on it, will you?!
It's not working!
[Weisz] Talk about a letdown.
I figured a souped-up ship from the future
would be better than this.
-Look at this thing.
-[both] Huh?
What a big ol' pile of crap.
It's Professor Thief.
That's my snack!
You pervert!
You went into my room, didn't you?!
What are you doing here?
Ah, just dropping by to steal your ship.
Over my dead body!
Let me make myself clear.
This ship isn't going anywhere
until I say so.
What?! You've got to be kidding me!
[Weisz] It's your choice.
Either get caught by the police,
or give up the ship and escape.
You do realize you're gonna get
arrested too if we can't get out of here!
Well, if they do arrest me,
I'm sure I'll be able to manage.
You know, since I have an ID.
[grunts]
[beeping]
They're catching up to us, guys!
-It's your move.
-[grunts]
Okay then, you can have the ship.
It's not yours to give!
-[Weisz] Then we have a deal.
-What?!
Shiki, you can't just go--
We needed to find a better ship anyway
to get to Mother, right?
-So, might as well give it to him.
-[resigned grunt]
Mother?
All right, now that we gave you the ship,
you're gonna take us to Blue Garden?
Well, a deal is a deal.
[Rebecca] You seem pretty calmed,
for someone about to get us arrested.
Just sit back and relax.
-[crackling]
-[humming noise]
I'll get us out of here in no time.
-[gasps]
-Isn't that--
[gasps] Ether Gear!
Since when were you able
to use Ether Gear, Professor?
-You never said anything!
-[Weisz] Shut up for a second.
Upgrade base operating system.
Customize Ether reactor.
Increase all main
thruster output capacity by 70%.
Then add additional system upgrade node.
[loud rumble]
That doesn't sound very good!
Professor, what exactly are you doing?
Amplify power.
Exterior frame.
Now stabilize it.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[electricity crackling]
-[whirring]
[Weisz] Ether compatibility check.
All systems clear.
Let's do this.
I cannot believe it. The Ether Gear
is modifying the ship structure
in real time using that power of his.
[gasps]
[chimes]
All right! Ether Jet, online!
[blast]
Eek!
[screams]
[both screaming]
Having some major issues
keeping this ship leveled.
But it's all a lot better than
what we started with this pile of junk.
Awesome! You really are a professor!
What did you just do to the ship?
[Weisz] This is Machina Maker.
An Ether Gear that can modify machines.
Is that how you were able
to repair me and save my life?
If it was the me 50 years
in the future, then I'd say so.
How remarkable.
-Call it a bonus.
-Huh?
[Weisz] I fixed your leg, too.
[gasping]
You have my full gratitude, Master!
I'm not your master. At least not yet.
-That Machina Maker is so cool!
-Hmm?
Can you give my Ether Gear
a cool name like that, too?
-[Weisz] It controls gravity, right?
-Hmm!
[whimpers]
[chuckles] Heavy Drop Boy.
-That's the coolest--
-No, it's lame!
-We did it!
-It worked!
I can confirm we broke
through the planet's energy field.
We're in space!
[Shiki laughs]
-[ringing]
-Huh?
[male voice] I finally got through to you!
I was getting worried about you, guys.
[Rebecca] Professor Weisz!
-Yo!
-[gasps]
-Whoa, wait, what?
-[both] Huh?
Where have you been, Professor?
I've been trying to reach you forever.
What's up with that?
[old Weisz] You gotta learn
to watch the news, kid.
Weren't you just in Norma?
Yeah, that's right.
We were there to see you.
Then you should know that all entry
has just been banned to that planet.
They're not letting people in?
[old Weisz] Well, in any case,
I'm glad to see you're safe and sound.
Hold on. This isn't making sense to me.
How am I able to talk to you
when you're over in the future right now?
[old Weisz] It's not the future.
You've returned to your original timeline,
so I'm in the present, just like you.
[Rebecca] What?! When did that happen?
[old Weisz] You were only ever in the past
when you were back on the planet Norma.
Wait, how do you even know
that we time-traveled?
It wasn't time travel.
In fact, it would be more accurate to say
you never really left the present at all.
The heck?! How does that
even make a little sense?!
[old Weisz]
You never traveled through time.
What happened was, you went
to a planet whose time was stolen.
You see, a monster has eaten Norma's time.
Fifty years worth, to be exact.
[all gasp]
[old Weisz] They're called chronophages.
Monsters that exist in space that
are capable of feeding on a planet's time.
Planets consumed by chronophages
have their time rewound.
No way to reverse it.
Norma 50 years in the past
has become its new present.
In other words,
if we ever go back to Norma,
it'll always be stuck in the past?
[old Weisz] That's right,
but entry is now barred.
So the modern Norma
just doesn't exist anymore?
-Yup.
-If that's the case, where are you now?
[old Weisz laughs]
A lot of Normans, including myself, left.
So, I figured now is the best time to go
on that adventure I dreamed of as a kid.
Huh?
[Shiki]
Hey, it's the rabbit girl from the bar.
You didn't mention anything
about making a human friend, Rebecca.
Master?
Hmm?
Hey, you're that broken down android
from years back.
I've recognized your facial structure.
You are my master.
Oh, your memory must be damaged.
-All I did was fix you up a little bit.
-[Pino] Huh?
You referred to him as Master Demon King
or something like that.
-Huh?
-The Demon King?
My Grandpa?
By the way, something's been
bugging me since I called you.
-That stud over there is me, isn't it?
-Uh…
So there are two Professor Weiszes!
[anxious grunt]
Which one is the real one then?!
Won't this mess up our current timeline?
Huh?
It's like I said before.
A planet consumed by a chronophage
becomes the new reality.
In other words, having two of me exist
won't cause a time paradox.
What?! You mean the past
doesn't affect the future?!
[old Weisz, laughing] Exactly!
Pretty cool, isn't it?
Norma's reality is not in the past.
Its time was stolen. You can do
whatever you want on that planet.
It's not gonna affect me.
Weisz is like a fine wine that only
gets more charming with age. [giggles]
I'm the year 492 Weisz,
who escaped the chronophage
to go on the adventure of a lifetime.
You're the year 442 Weisz,
whose time was eaten by a chronophage.
And now, we both exist in the present.
This universe of calamity created
two branching histories that now coexist.
Talk about a headache, huh?
Meaning there's no guarantee that
you're gonna get to live to be my age.
[static noise]
[old Weisz, garbled] You're on your own,
so go down the path you believe in.
Professor!
-It is signal interference!
-[panicking] Give me a break!
[alarm blaring]
What is that?!
-[alarm blaring continues]
-[loud whirring]
[ominous music playing]
[Happy] That flag!
They're space pirates!
[screams]
There's pirates in space?!
Just when I thought space
couldn't get any cooler!
There's nothing cool about getting killed!
[ominous music continues]
[Pino] What?!
[Pino] We've been captured
by the battleship!
[Weisz] Damn it.
We've lost control of the ship!
[ominous music rising]
We meet at last, Shiki.
[Happy] Hey, we're getting sucked in!
This kind of technology is
way, way ahead of my time!
We are in danger!
-Hey!
-Rebecca, what is it?
[Rebecca] Oh no, I recognize that flag!
It belongs to Elsie Crimson,
the space pirate!
Conqueror of the seven cosmos!
She conquered them all?
-I thought she couldn't get any cooler!
-Get us out of here, Professor!
I'm not a professor!
[grunts] I never should've
boarded this stupid ship.
[gasps]
Oh, Mother, what are they gonna do to us?
Why are they even targeting
this flying piece of junk?!
Damn it! It's no use!
[Weisz] I can't get away!
[loud thud]
[all screaming]
[loud rumbling]
[all groaning]
[rumbling stops]
Huh?
Welcome to our warship, the Skull Fairy.
Where are my manners?
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Elsie Crimson.
And I'm the one who captured
both you and your ship.
Hmm.
Oh man, she's hot!
[both whimpering]
[gasps in awe]
You've earned my praise
for escaping Norma.
The cloud you passed through
was the space-time wall.
A trace left behind the consumed planet
by the chronophage.
You must be a skilled pilot to have broken
through the wall on a ship like that.
-[chuckles]
-[Elsie] That being said,
only an idiot would get caught
by our ship's tractor beam so easily.
[awkward grunt]
Just what is it you guys are after?
Hmm.
What is it we're after?
Oh, just the usual.
Plundering cities.
And selling people like you!
[wailing]
Your urge to urinate is quickly
approaching your battery limit.
I suggest finding a bathroom.
I appreciate it, but never say that again.
[whimpers]
[Elsie] Here's the situation.
All of you belong to me now.
We'll be on our way to the planet Guilst
in order to sell you for a profit.
I'm sure they'll find good use for you.
Hey, I'm not complaining.
Guilst isn't half bad at all.
-Maybe 50 years ago.
-What?
Nowadays it is known
as the epitome of all evil.
Murderers and thieves, human trafficking.
It's a lawless place
where crime is the new normal.
Don't worry, I know an old man there
who would love to get his hands on you.
And I'm sure you'll fetch a nice price.
I get a feeling the old man's gonna love
the look of that girl over there.
[whimpering]
It's a misunderstanding.
I've got nothing to do with these guys.
Totally spineless!
[Weisz] So, how about I join your crew?
Lousy jerk.
I think I've got
a pretty good knack for machines.
What do you say? I can make
your ship faster for you if you want.
What the hell is wrong with you,
betraying your friends like that?!
I don't remember saying I was your friend.
You're not my friend,
but what about Rebecca and Happy?!
That's 50 years from now!
This can't be happening!
I'm getting tired
of all those videos of you in that bikini.
What do you say
we take those clothes off of you?
If that's what you want, master.
[crying]
We'll finally get a million viewers.
Screw these guys.
Let's hit the road and get out of here.
But we cannot
because our ship is immobilized.
Yeah.
No thanks to Professor Scum
sitting there, though.
Not a professor!
You won't have to wait much longer.
[Shiki] Hey, I've got an idea!
Instead of trying to get our ship back,
what if I just steal your ship instead?
[dumbfounded gasps]
[gasps]
We were trying to find a better ship,
so this is perfect, isn't it?
[laughs] What do you think?
You intend on stealing from me?
[Shiki] Hey, you're the one
who started this whole thing.
I'm just returning the favor.
[chuckles] How interesting.
Two floors above you
and head straight to your left.
That's where I'll be waiting.
I wonder if you can
make it here in one piece.
I'll show you, space woman!
-[Shiki yells]
-Shiki!
That guy has a death wish.
Given our current circumstances,
his solution might prove to be viable.
[gasps]
[Rebecca] Shiki was able to take on
Sibir and the Foote brothers.
But this is Elsie Crimson
we're talking about.
[click]
It's not my nature
to sit around and do nothing.
Wish me luck, I'm gonna need it.
Professor!
Especially if I'm gonna try winning that
hottie Chelsie or whatever her name is!
-He-he-he!
-[Rebecca] Scum.
[screeching]
[grunts]
[chilling music playing]
[squelching]
What's going on with this ship?
Talk about nasty.
Huh?
[groaning]
Show me what you've got, space pirates!
-[squelching]
-[blast]
[groaning]
[growls]
[grunts]
[crash]
[crackling]
[growling]
[Shiki] What's up with these guys?
They're not human?
Space octopus?! Awesome!
[yelling]
[exciting music playing]
[grunts]
[loud crash]
-Nice try!
-[groaning]
[groans]
This is awesome!
-[screams]
-[Shiki] Awesome!
Space is…
-[screaming]
-[Shiki] …awesome!
[squelching]
Let go of me! Just what the hell is this?!
Now analyzing
the unknown creature secretions.
Identified mimicry parasite Kawpicatt S4.
[gunshot]
Hey, what's going on?! These things
are not even remotely human!
[whimpering]
-[groans]
-[Weisz] Wait!
This is kinda hot!
Cut that out and help us!
[Weisz] Since we're here I might as well
get a little peek if you know what I mean.
-I'll remember this later, you scum!
-[chuckles, grunts]
[Weisz shrieks]
You idiot!
Happy!
Ether charge now finalized!
Transformation!
[thrilling music playing]
-What?!
-Happy can transform?
[grunting]
If you lousy creeps wanted to play dirty
you should've said it from the beginning!
So let's play dirty!
[screaming]
[yelling]
[gasps]
-[grunting]
-[rapid gunfire]
[loud bang]
[groans]
You-- You just saved all of us.
So, that's impressive and all,
but, uh, still kinda sorta
tied up at the moment.
[giggles] Since we're here, might as well
get a peek, if you know what I mean.
Oh, okay, okay! I get it!
I'm sorry, alright?!
[panting]
[grunts]
It's that room!
Bring it on, lady!
Eh?
That's Elsie Crimson to you.
[gasping]
[closing theme music builds]
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
WARSHIP OF THE DEMON KING